docs: support for stores and bins (#72)
canonical/chisel-docs: docs/explanation/mode-of-operation.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:

>     description: "Explanation of how Chisel works: reading chisel-releases, fetching packages from Ubuntu archives and stores, and extracting selected files into a root file system."

Reviewer: Metadata should be max. 160 characters long. This updated increased it to 163, so I propose the following:
```suggestion
    description: "Explanation of how Chisel works: reading chisel-releases, fetching packages from Ubuntu archives and stores, and extracting files into a root file system."
```

Author: I think we should keep the "selected" term as this is an important concept in Chisel. Using slices is doing a selection of files from packages. Chisel only extract the selected files.

Author: Resolving as I applied the other suggestion.

>     description: "Explanation of how Chisel works: reading chisel-releases, fetching packages from Ubuntu archives and stores, and extracting selected files into a root file system."

Reviewer: What about this?
```suggestion
    description: "Explanation of how Chisel works: read chisel-releases, fetch packages from Ubuntu archives and stores, and extract selected files into a root file system."
```

</td>
    <td>

Chisel resolves the source of each **requested** package and fetches it.
Packages are typically fetched from {ref}`archives<chisel_yaml_format_spec_archives>`,
which are Debian archives Chisel talks to directly by fetching, validating and
parsing their `InRelease` files. Packages may also be fetched from

> {ref}`stores<chisel_yaml_format_spec_stores>`, which serve packages via a store

Reviewer: We need to decide on the capitalisation of "stores" and use it throughout. Here it is lowercase, while in the reference it is capitalised. Is it a particular store, or a store in general?

Author: This is "store in general", so it should be lowercase. This will also be consistent with how we use "archive" throughout the docs.
